TODOList.md, before:

Get a title for the main site
Add link to KASHTech icon file

Refactor company success to use quote elements

SVG Background Icons in services section
Partner Program button interactions
Services Section
Align button-links to the bottom of the container
Have at least 1.5rem of space between list of services & button-link

Nav button & open-close effects icon  
Consulting Services Link Styled Correctly
watermark quote to right side in tablet and desktop sizes
Archivo Ampersand not great (Application development Services -- last item)
Fully integrate contact form

Links:
Home

- Who We Are
- Services
- Partner Program
- Leadership Team
- Customer Success
- Contact Us

Services

- Consulting Services
- Analytics Services
- Data Services
- Cloud Migration Services
- Application Development Services

Company

- \*\* No firm content
- (Customer Stories)
- Company Information?

Resources

-

Technology

- Languages and Frameworks
- Cloud Platforms
- Databases
- BI Technologies
- Data Management
- Technology Platforms
- Other Technologies

\*\*\*\* Z-index:
Mobile Nav UNDER header
Nav menu should disappear after clicking a link
Should offset "X" distance from the top
Close button on nav overlay?
Need a writeup on databricks service
Partner buttons change display state on hover
"Hover" (mouseenter) Effects on partner program removed. Seemingly creates bad UX
Give the buttons active state based on selected company

image srcset to provide fallback for non-webp formats

## Technology Page

Page title for technology page

TODO 03/08

- Desktop Navigation
- Contact us layout (desktop)
- consulting services link update
- content on technology page

\*\*\* 208: took of abs position
****\***** Any transform value on a parent (other than revert) causes the absolutely positioned element to select that as a new "positioned" parent

Commit message:

simple details/summary working. Fix hover states for link elements && make other details elements close when others are open

TODOList.md, after:

Get a title for the main site
Add link to KASHTech icon file

Refactor company success to use quote elements

SVG Background Icons in services section
Partner Program button interactions
Services Section
Align button-links to the bottom of the container
Have at least 1.5rem of space between list of services & button-link

Nav button & open-close effects icon  
Consulting Services Link Styled Correctly
watermark quote to right side in tablet and desktop sizes
Archivo Ampersand not great (Application development Services -- last item)
Fully integrate contact form

Links:
Home

- Who We Are
- Services
- Partner Program
- Leadership Team
- Customer Success
- Contact Us

Services

- Consulting Services
- Analytics Services
- Data Services
- Cloud Migration Services
- Application Development Services

Company

- \*\* No firm content
- (Customer Stories)
- Company Information?

Resources

-

Technology

- Languages and Frameworks
- Cloud Platforms
- Databases
- BI Technologies
- Data Management
- Technology Platforms
- Other Technologies

\*\*\*\* Z-index:
Mobile Nav UNDER header
Nav menu should disappear after clicking a link
Should offset "X" distance from the top
Close button on nav overlay?
Need a writeup on databricks service
Partner buttons change display state on hover
"Hover" (mouseenter) Effects on partner program removed. Seemingly creates bad UX
Give the buttons active state based on selected company

image srcset to provide fallback for non-webp formats

## Technology Page

Page title for technology page

TODO 03/08

- Desktop Navigation
- Contact us layout (desktop)
- consulting services link update
- content on technology page

\*\*\* 208: took of abs position \***\*\*\*\*** Any transform value on a parent (other than revert) causes the absolutely positioned element to select that as a new "positioned" parent

Nav items summary color change

Simple Details/summary elements working on desktop resolution
